[17.0][ADD] repair_kit_to_sale (#101)
OCA/repair: repair_kit_to_sale/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module ensures that when a kit product (with a BoM) is added to a repair order, it is correctly reflected in the corresponding sale order as a kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module ensures that when a kit product (with a BoM) is added as a part of a repair order, it is correctly reflected in the corresponding sale order as a kit.
```
I would make it more specific, so that there is no confusion with the product being repaired.
